docs(domains): review and rework of all doc (#1236)
scaleway/docs-content: network/domains-and-dns/how-to/add-external-domain.mdx

content:
  h1: How to add an external domain to DNS
  paragraph: This page explains how add an external domain to DNS
tags: external-domain domain dns
dates:
  validation: 2023-01-24
  posted: 2022-10-31
categories:
  - network
---

Domains and DNS allows you to manage and register your [internal](/network/domains-and-dns/concepts/#internal-domain) and [external domains](/network/domains-and-dns/concepts/#external-domain) and configure and manage their DNS zones.

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />
 
<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
</Message>

1. Click **Domains and DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. The Domains and DNS dashboard displays with a list of your internal domains.
2. Click the **External Domains** tab, then click <Icon name="plus" /> **Manage new domain**.
3. Enter the external domain name in the box and click the search icon to check if the domain exists. The estimated cost for the domain name displays.
      <Lightbox src="scaleway-dns-domain-validated.webp" alt="" />

> 4. Click **Manage as external**. The instructions to setup your external domain display. Add a `TXT`record to the root zone of the domain at your current registrar to validate the domain ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Manage as external**. The instructions to set up your external domain display. Add a `TXT`record to the root zone of the domain at your current registrar to validate the domain ownership.
```
